Updated response text (#42)
AMWA-TV/nmos-audio-channel-mapping: docs/4.0. Behaviour.md

An HTTP 200 response MUST be returned when an immediate activation has been successfully requested. For a request with an immediate activation the API SHOULD only return a response once the new map has been applied to the audio.

An HTTP 202 response MUST be returned when a request for a scheduled activation is accepted, to indicate that while the request itself was acceptable it has not yet been acted upon by the sender. For scheduled activations `activation_time` SHOULD be the absolute TAI time the parameters will actually transition. For absolute scheduled activations SHOULD be the same as the requested time, but may differ if the Device is unable to schedule at the requested time.

In there is an error in the request, the API MUST reject the entire request with an appropriate 4xx response. Particular responses MUST be used in these cases:

| Error | HTTP Response |
| --- | --- |
| Output is modified by an already scheduled activation. | 423 (Locked) |
| Routing request not permitted by Input or Output constraints | 400 (Bad Request). |
| One field of Output channel object is `null` but other is not. | 400 (Bad Request) |

> For activations the `mode` parameter MUST return to `null` once the activation transaction with the client is completed (i.e the response to the PATCH has been sent by the server).

Reviewer: So far as I can see the API doesn't use PATCH requests on any endpoint, I assume this sentence should be referring to POST requests. But PATCH requests are also mentioned in the Overview and in the schemas, so I'll raise a separate issue.

Author: Moved to issue #43

Note the presence of the extra `activation_time` parameter in the response schema. For immediate activation this SHOULD be the time the activation actually occurred as an absolute TAI timestamp.

An HTTP 200 response MUST be returned when an immediate activation has been successfully requested. For a request with an immediate activation the API SHOULD only return a response once the new map has been applied to the audio.

An HTTP 202 response MUST be returned when a request for a scheduled activation is accepted, to indicate that while the request itself was acceptable it has not yet been acted upon by the sender. For scheduled activations `activation_time` SHOULD be the absolute TAI time the parameters will actually transition. For absolute scheduled activations SHOULD be the same as the requested time, but may differ if the Device is unable to schedule at the requested time.

> In there is an error in the request, the API MUST reject the entire request with an appropriate 4xx response. Particular responses MUST be used in these cases:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When there is an error in the request, the API MUST reject the entire request with an appropriate 4xx response. Particular responses MUST be used in the following cases:
```

(There are other cases, like completely invalid JSON.)

Author: Resolved

> In there is an error in the request, the API MUST reject the entire request with an appropriate 4xx response. Particular responses MUST be used in these cases:

Reviewer: Can more than one of these cases apply at the same time? Does that warrant any extra wording?

Author: We think it's ok.

| Error | HTTP Response |
| --- | --- |
| Output is modified by an already scheduled activation. | 423 (Locked) |

> | Routing request not permitted by Input or Output constraints | 400 (Bad Request). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Routing request not permitted by Input or Output constraints. | 400 (Bad Request) |
```

Author: Resolved (twice now :) )

| One field of Output channel object is `null` but other is not. | 400 (Bad Request) |

For activations the `mode` parameter MUST return to `null` once the activation transaction with the client is completed (i.e the response to the PATCH has been sent by the server).

#### Canceling Activations

A client cancels an activation by submitting a DELETE request to the resource `/map/acivations/activation-id`. If the activation has already been completed the API SHOULD respond with an HTTP 404 error response, as the activation no longer exists.

### Timestamps

> Timestamps indicate the absolute or relative time for activation and MUST be string formatted as `<seconds>:<nanoseconds>`. Absolute timestamps MUST be based on TAI (which does not apply leap seconds) and must use SMPTE epoch (meaning 1970-01-01 00:00:00 TAI would be represented as `0:0`).

Reviewer: Bit confused why I'm seeing these timestamp related changes in this commit (https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-audio-channel-mapping/pull/42/commits/06adf659c7e29d423d33d9aeaa3edab1d6c681de), when they appear to be in https://github.com/AMWA-TV/nmos-audio-channel-mapping/pull/41/commits/334110a1a54651fb468f1da770a14428425347fa. Just something to keep an eye on when we merge.

Author: Will be resolved in merge.
